    Now on the site of Your Publishing House all found letters are posted - that's 1255 issues, and new ones are added regularly. 
    In theory this allows you to use Wordpress's built-in search if you need to find a character or event, in practice it's not too convenient. 
    It was interesting to see what could be done with partially structured text information using text processing tools.

    ### Data Pipeline
    1. First, a Python script was used to read all (including some pretty broken) eml files of the newsletter and upload them to a Wordpress site.
    
    2. By October 2019, when this operation was performed, the mailing list included 1157 issues. By regular expressions and common sense, 
    the announcements of events were extracted directly from them: this body of text did not include the "News" columns, 
    reviews of past literary evenings, announcements of published books, and other literary news that form an important part of the newsletter. 
    For further experiments, information about each event was left for further experimentation: date, time, place, address, and description.
    
    3. Due to the structured nature of the newsletter and Daria Sukhovei's consistency over 20 years, 
    it was not too difficult to parse the issues, that is, to separate the events and fields within each event. 
    With slight variations, the texts of the announcements look like this:
          
    4. However, it was not easy to match the names and addresses of the venues where the events were held, 
    as the addresses could have a dozen variations, and there were typos and variations in the names of the venues. 
    As a result of data cleaning with the help of pandas and difflib, we obtained a database with 14,990 literary events (until October 2019), 
    862 venues, and 817 addresses (one address could simultaneously or sequentially host different more or less cultural points: 
    bars, theaters, cafes, bookstores; they also moved repeatedly from place to place).
    
    5. On the basis of the collected data a map of the literary life of St. Petersburg for 20 years was drawn. 
    This allows us to assess the activity of certain "literary places" and their types (these include libraries, museums, faculties and schools, 
    bars and clubs, bookstores, theaters, art galleries, concert halls, streets and waters of the city and its suburbs). The coordinates of all "venues" 
    were identified and marked on a map of St. Petersburg.
    
    6. A graph of characters who have participated in events over the last 20 years has been compiled. First, the names and surnames 
    of people were extracted (named entity recognition) from texts and their spelling variants were harmonized. The problem was solved using 
    a neural network from deeppavlov in conjunction with the natasha package.